<<<<<<< HEAD
# team15-term-project

###Disclaimer
I am far from being done with the shooting functionality, so please don't be insulted by the inadequacies of this project! I am pushing it to github right now, prematurely, for everyone's peace of mind that we are making some progress in the right direction!

# Shooting
-First mouse click enables aim. 
-Subsequent mouse clicks shoot a sphere. 

There are random floating spheres we see in the distance when it starts. They are there because I am testing collision detection, and it seems to work! When you shoot a cannonball and it collides with one of these spheres, it disappears momentarily! Then it reappears somewhere else on the screen. 

Currently the sphere has a texture similar to the cannon itself. Please feel free to change it. I haven't yet had a chance to give the cannonball a good texture but it will be great if someone wants to give that a shot!

# Shape superclass
The most difficult thing I have had to do, along with TA Garett's help, is to implement the Shape superclass, of which sphere is a child class. Shape takes as arguments four things - vertices, normals, indices, indexed - and does the drawing etc. 

This basically gives us the ability to plot anything as long as we have the four given parameters! 

If someone wants to find a cool target object (like a house or something), which should not be terribly difficult on the internet, please send me the four aforementioned attributes of it. Thanks! I plan to do the same myself when I get through this as well. 

=======
# Title?!?!?

## Final project for CS 174A, Introduction to Computer Graphics, UCLA Spring 2015
### Created by Matthew Goldberg, Zoe (Zhaoyuan) Xi, Shobhit Garg, Neil Bedi

[SNAZZY INTRODUCTION HELP PLS!!]
- The proposal described intended advanced topics of generating terrain height using noise function, along with implementing collision detection for cannon shots with terrain. Fully implemented advanced features were terrain height using noise, and environment mapping using a cube map. Collision detection was attempted but not fully implemented.

Directions: Do we need this?

Additional Comments: 
- Project appears to have some bugs when viewed in Safari. Works best on current versions of Firefox or Chrome.
- Our advanced topics include: terrains generated by noise, environmental mapping via a skybox (cube map), and collision detection(?)

### Individual Contributions + Additional Notes:

#### Matt Goldberg
* creation of texture images for cannon
* creation of HUD as an orthographic projection of a texture on top of scene
* code to initialize textures on different texture units
* skeleton for switching between buffers
* cone class for generating cone geometry
* creation of cannon from multiple cone instances and mapped textures
* cannon tracking mouse motion over canvas
* camera controls via mouse pointing for azimuth and altitude
* addition of Phong lighting on cannon from directional source
* debugging of skybox code

#### Zoe (Zhaoyuan) Xi
* in charge of all things environmental
* generated the terrain + skybox
* created the triangle strips mesh used to generate the terrain
* randomly generated the terrain's height using Ken Perlin's simplex noise algorithm. Resources used: ([1](http://staffwww.itn.liu.se/~stegu/simplexnoise/simplexnoise.pdf)) and ([2](https://gist.github.com/banksean/304522))
* texturized the environment via linear and mipmap filters
* implemented the surrounding skybox to encompass the player, camera, and terrain
* created the skybox via cube mapping (environmental mapping); kudos to Matt for helping me debug the cubebox code
* found the [images](http://www.custommapmakers.org/skyboxes.php) used to generate the skybox
* used Youtube and stressed a lot to learn about terrain and skybox generation ahaha. Highly recommend [ThinMatrix's] (https://www.youtube.com/user/ThinMatrix/playlists) GameDev Youtube channel for future CS 174A students :) 

#### Shobhit Garg
* blah blah

#### Neil Bedi
* created functionality for changing skybox on number key
* added background music with mute option
* implemented sound effects for controls
* used the [howler.js library](http://goldfirestudios.com/blog/104/howler.js-Modern-Web-Audio-Javascript-Library) for all music additions
* stylized webpage with CSS
* small fixes on player movement
* used the nifty [vivus.js library](https://maxwellito.github.io/vivus/) for animating the start logo
* start logo svg credit: [Bryn Taylor](http://www.flaticon.com/authors/bryn-taylor)
>>>>>>> 2e1dd693bf76c961817b8f3a4603235cf48065bf

